Better host deprecation information (#4667)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/nservicebus-host/index_sample-initialization_host_[7,].partial.md

The following snippet shows a sample configuration that can be used as a starting point.

snippet: host-endpoint-config-sample

### Set the host as startup project

> Either setup the start project to `NServiceBus.Host.exe` (available in the output directory of the build) or create a `launchSettings.json` with the following content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either set up the start project in Visual Studio to `NServiceBus.Host.exe` (available in the output directory of the build) or create a `launchSettings.json` for VS Code with the following content
```

Given the options are different per tool used, I've spelled out which version for what tool. Feel free to discard this suggestion if you think it's unnecessary.

Author: Actually launchsettings is also supported in Visual Studio. With the never version it even defaults to that.

> ```json

Reviewer: I'd not think of including VSCode, nicely done @danielmarbach! 👍
